foreground = #e0e0e0
background = #0e0e0e
minimum-contrast = 1
cursor-style = block
shell-integration-features = no-cursor
cursor-style-blink = false
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 1.5
background-opacity = 1.0
font-family = Berkeley Mono
font-size = 18
window-padding-x = 0
window-padding-y = 0
font-style-italic = false
window-decoration = false
keybind = alt+one=unbind
keybind = alt+two=unbind
keybind = alt+three=unbind
keybind = alt+four=unbind
keybind = alt+five=unbind
keybind = alt+six=unbind
keybind = alt+seven=unbind
keybind = alt+eight=unbind
theme = catppuccin-mocha
